Kubeflow update dashboard and readme (#18600)
DataDog/integrations-core: kubeflow/README.md

Kubeflow has metrics endpoints that can be accessed on port `9090`. 

> To enable metrics exposure in kubeflow through prometheus, you might need to enable the prometheus service monitoring for the component in question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To expose metrics from kubeflow as prometheus metrics, you might need to enable the prometheus service monitoring for the component in question.
```
